Drafting an email that never gets ghosted.

A recruiter reaching out to you about about 

A recruiter reach out to you on Linkedin.

You found your profile interesting and and it suits the requirement of the job.
They asked you for the resume.

You shared resume, she connected with you explained the job requirements
and told you about what might work.


Start eagerly following up with you.

but as soon as some interview did not go well.
And the company have decided not to move forward with you.

The recruiter becomes like a ghost.
They will not revert to you or if they revert they do with a generic mail.
That does not help. Only of handful of companies Like Google, Microsoft does that.

Is there a way to get them to reply to you?
I started thinking about this problem sometimes ago from first principles.
Created a template that have higher chance of getting a feedback reply.

If you think from the recruters perspective.
Let's create a numebr called fi

You were a good candidate -> that's why the reached to you.
The company decided not to move ahead --> so you 

If we can somehow create that they might loose somethign if they don't provide feedback.
It increase our chances of getting a reply for feedback.

The industry is small and they .
Other thing they can loose is there reputation or the 

You can't just threaten them in a way that makes it sound bad.
It should come more like 


But whenever the company decided not to move on that recruiter becomes deadlike all these messageswill not have
Anyway he will not be referred he will justignore you


---> 

You got a ping from recruiter on Linkedin.
She calls you to brief about job role.
You decide to go ahead.

She explains and schedules interviews.
Does checks about your preparations.
Things are going good.

One of the interview did not go well.
And the company decided not to go ahead.
Suddenly the communication from recruiter drops.

After waiting for somedays.
You pinged them to check the status.
And She replies with a generic mail.
"We have decided not to go ahead this time".
No feeback, nothing to help you or improve your shortcomings.

If you have been in this situation.
You know, It's hard to get feedback.
If you ask explicity for feedback in email.
It's going to be ignored most likely.

I gave a though to this problem from first principles.
How can I draft an email that gets feedback most of the time.
I step by step dissected the thought process.

Recruiter at this stage does not have anything to loose.
They have already decided to pass on you.
So putting extra effort in providing feedback is low priority.

If we can project that not providing feedback, is going to cost them.
It will increase the priority, but how do we do that?
Something like this works most of the time

Thanks for reverting back.
Can you provide some actionable feedback?
Feedback will help me improve and leave a positive impression of you and company. (They have something to loose now)
The positive impression will be propogated among my friends and colleagues. (With the more people involved it's bigger now)
Thanks

What's your experience?
How do you get feedback.