LLMs has made it easier to code faster. They work best with building MVPs or small applications because of the context length limitation.

There are workarounds to increase context length like VectorDbs but they are not very effective.

In this article, I will guide you about using some common tools and there applications.

ChatGPT - Pro Plan

Start with describing The requirements of your product that you want to build. If you are building an application try to explain the functionality in as much detail as possible. It can be used effectively the generate boiler plate for the code. Once you have the 

Gorilla CLI

Most of the time when executing commands in terminal You often forget the syntax of the command searching Searching the charges for the command again and again is context switching. The better solution is to use something in line terminal in line which can be used for figuring out the command in the cli itself.

Gorilla CLI

Cursor - AI Code Editor

Most of the developers are accustomed to bs code so it's hard for them to switch to a new editor but cursor is The Fork of vs coat so the experience is native as a developer you wont feel as as anything has changed. It comes with various options like it gives you an option to chat with their code you can select a component and ask it to edit

Windows Speech To Text: windows key + H

Talking to Ellen in both a lot of typing so typing everything slows things down south it is better to use speech to text converter and windows have in built one which can convert your speech to text and help you write faster.

ChatGPT 

Often time for a product we need to write a copy and converting that copy to suit the need of various platforms can be easily accomplished by chat cpd you can ask chatsipiti to convert the prompt into various word limit etcetera.

Some use case where LLMs does not work

If Library restrict that you are using have update after 2021 then ChatGPT  is most likely to get it wrong. It's better to search them directly on the Github or stack overflow

If the communication become large context become large then chat shippt does not work properly so it is better to start a different chat when you are creating something which can be independently built like utility functions.

For complicated things like tailwind css syntax.

Some usecases where LLMs are great

Converting unstructured data to structured formats like JSON.

Generating small regex.

Creating dummy data

Creating utility methods.

Converting api doc or curl request to code.

Dumping logs and figuring out the root cause.

Step 1.

Ask ChatGPT To generate boilerplate for the project that you are intersted in building. I highly recommend using the Premium Plan for generating the code.

You will get a good starting point which you can use to modify the code.

Step2 

Once you Have the code you open in cursor.so editor It's AI powered editor It's a copy it's a fork of vs code so it's native to vs code experience.

Step 3

You can use the chat option to help you talk with it.

Step 4

What are some of the usecases which I often use it for

Generating the syntax for regex.

Asking AI to do things like make a website responsive.

Convering unstructured data to structured format like given data like this convert it to json.

Create dummy data.

Creating Utility Functions like 

Converting API doc or curl request to code.

Some of the use cases where you can not trust AI.

Pro Tip,

IF you are creating the new column it's better to create the linkedin

If there is a recent update in the SDK after 2021. 

The AI is most likely going to get it wrong. Try once and if AI is not able to answer it for you. Go to github or stackoverflow to search for the answer.

For complicated things like tailwind css syntax etc.

