---
layout: post
title: Week 5 Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 5 Task Planning"
---

Video Translation
1. Create a video about famous celebrity and post it to reddit channels.
2. Get an api that can be used to convert text to audio
3. Get an api that can translate the text to other languages.
4. Figure out the process of pause etc.

RevertGPT
1. Generate the Landing Page.
2. Host it on the landing page.
3. Publish the video on youtube and reddit to let the people know about it.
4. Modify the edit/delete functionality of the extension.

Wednesday
1. Setup the python functions
2. Launch about the product on more forums  

Thursday
1. Launch the translator on other forums.
2. Launch the liftmate as well on multiple platforms.
3. Create posting about foreclosure on the reddit and ask if it's useful.
4. Apply for 20 jobs on hackernews.
5. Fill the application asked by the ondeck. Done

Friday
1. Apply for jobs
2. Continue posting about quickRepl


Saturday
1. Learned Remotion.

Review
1. Video Translation, learned remotion for building it.
2. RevertGPT, Publishing on reddit is pending. Tried adding the /cover template to it.
3. Tested the foreclosure idea. Dropping it.
4. Had some interviews abot Namora.


Learning 
1. Need to actively seek out the process for self improvement by talking to people.
2. Need to outgrow comparing yourself with your peers, start comparing with the worlds best.
3. Ask a question, What is the most impactful thing that I will do today.
4. What is the most impactful thing that I did today.