---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 26 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Get the extension lauched on ChatGPT plugin store.
2. Improve the UI of the app.
3. Fix common bugs like
    a. bg color for subtitles not workig
    b. Improve the experience ofselecting the image
    c. Add the more options to add voices.
4. Product hunt listing requires demo video.
5. Improvement of UI is required.


Monday 4 Pomodo
1. 1 Hour Leetcode.
2. Extension Approval.
3. Listing Down the issues.


Tuesday:
1. Solve Leetcode Problem.
2. Mention the lyca about your interest.
3. Add a url parser that takes the script input and opens the editor with few options.
    a. Add changes for URL parameters from the openai like topic, from open_ai etc.
        If don't feel like working on this, just add a small url parser.
    b. Exporting the video should ask for login.
    c. Give the option for user to generate video from the openai Images with a button.
4. Add the option to choose the voiceover.
5. Lanuch on PH.

Wednesday: 
1. Solve Leetcode Problems.
2. Create videos about the ProductHunt Launch.
3. Plan about the Launch.

Thursday: 3 Pomo
1. Sent the videos about Blinkcuts to various people.
2. Created Videos about launch.

Friday
1. Fix some of the basic issues like render failing.
2. Add the telemtetry to track the Generate Script request. :- Done
3. Add telemetry for various buttons clicks. :- Done
4. Verify the amount of time it takes to generate the video.
5. Fix the issue of the image generation failing.
6. Add an option to save the script along with the user when the generation fails.
7. Publish on indie hacker
8. Publish on Linkedin


Sunday - 4
1. Plan the week
2. Figure out some good idea, go industry by industry.
3. Solve problems on leetcode.

Retro
1. Launched on PH, this was win.
2. Unable to get the extension up and running.
3. Start working on solving some of the important problems.

