---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 11 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Start blasting features on the twitter, Linkedin, Reddit.
2. Start working on the community part of the product for whatsapp, Reddit, Discord.
3. Launch the product to get the paying customers.
4. Add the feature of removing the filler words from the video.
5. Add the Styles templates.
6. Start weekly cadence with Saransh.
7. Get the Socials in place.

Tuesday
1. Launch the product today for paying users.
2. Add Login before Export for the email.
3. Add the Logic for Payment.

Wednesday
1. Setup Socials.
2. Get the Reddit Pipeline in Place.
3. I am waiting on you for 

Thursday

Friday 

Saturday
Created the different component for the subtitles.

Retro

What is the most important thing that was needed?
1. Getting one user that is interested to pay for the product.
2. Reaching out to people and posting on various forums.

How is your work aligned with the most important things?
1. Yes, I am sending emails to users, who are trying our product.
2. I am active on the whatsapp groups.
3. I am posting on Linkedin and Twitter about the products.

What is the most important thing right now?
1. There might be possibility that things does not move.
2. I might not be interested in building a bigger thing. 

On a scale of 1 to 10, How satisfied are you with the Weekly plan? 5, I don't think there is major work.

Learnings
1. At Every thing or task, think of what's the most important task.
2. The task should have more important impact.