---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 25 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Recruit More users.
2. Launch the openAI plugin on chromestore.
3. Start messaging people on instagram about the product.
4. Add the Effect from the other shortGTP.
5. Launch on Product Hunt.
6. Think about the question of getting more work done per hour.
7. If I am not able to get 5 paid users by this week, I will start focusing on other ideas.

Monday - 4 Pomo
1. Find 50 accounts similar to EnglishServicely 
2. Deploy the app.blinkcuts.com to a new alpha channel.
    a. Fix the corresponding deployment of the remotion site.
3. Merge the auto/code to the master.
    a. Add the loader saying move to different site for transcripts.
4. Get the openAI extension published.

Tuesday - 3 Pomo
1. Scout instagram for the users. Send 100 DMs.
2. Post it on 5 subreddits.
3. Follow up with existing usrs.
4. Launch on Product Hunt.

Wednesday 
1. Get the chatgpt plugin up and running
2. Fix the CORS issue.


Thursday - 2 Pomo
1. Meet with people today.

Friday - 3 Pomo
1. Get the ChatGPT plugin approved.
2. Solve 2 problems on leetcode.
3. Continue messaging people on instagram.
4. Start improving the UI of the product.
5. Add more voices options.
6. Reach out to people for the manual products.
7. Build a chatgpt plugin extension for sending whatsapp messages using Orso.
8. Start SEO course.

Saturday. 3 Pomodoros.
1. Solved 3 Problems
2. Posted about the 

Sunday - 2 Pomodoros
Solved 1 Problem on Leetcode.

Review.
1. Failed to do the PH launch.
2. Failed to launch the ChatGPT plugin.

I am wasting a lot of time procrastinating.
Need to get my time part fixed.