---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 18 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Add the complex animation styles frow pawttons.
2. Figure out a way to generate images from stable diffusion.
3. Make the orso App live
4. Get the StashLeads and Orso CRM live again.

Monday.
1. Deploy the Orso2.0 
    a. Add Pricing Page


Tuesday
1. Get the script from the page.
2. Generate relevant images from the midjourney
3. Add things like zoom etc to the image. done
4. Fix the issue of the deletion of last image. done
5. Fix the issue with Orso whatsapp CRM.

Wednesday.
1. Add a screen to input the story.
2. Pass the images and the transcript to the Editor.
    a. Generate the Audio.
    b. Pass that Audio and get transcript.
3. Show the images on the right side.
    a. Using the story data, I will have to figure out the Image starting and end position.
4. Generate the Voice overs.

Thursday
1. Test the voiceover part.
2. Created the Youtub Channel.

Friday
1. Write the article on Linkedin.
2. Write some content about the AI.

Saturday.
1. Fix the Editor in the UI.
2. Add the option to select the style and fonts etc in the Script Editor itself.

Retro
1. Back on ~ 4 hour track of coding.
2. Done with the basic version of the Editor.
3. Started using the whimsical to add more information.
4. Added a timeline for 8th October to decide the final outcome for blinkcuts.

Learnings 
1. Try a better format for posting and asking feedback. 
    a. Put a screen on whatsapp Instructing People to "You are about to see a linkedin post"
    b. Tell me what's the worst part about it.
    c. Don't put ending as follow for more content, Change it what audience will lose like
    d. You might not always get the content, because if we are not connected. Follow to get it faster.
2. Use the Whatsapp Post of mine to drive the engagement on Linkedin and Twitter.
3. Is there a possibility to create multiple apps based on SEO. Build Apps and use SEO to publish them and slowly start ranking them.
4. Like content creation, video creation etc.
5. Use Whimsical diagram to get full clarity before executing things.
