---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 21 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Get the product in hands of people.
2. Complete the biodataformats and launch it.
3. Aim for 4 i.e 50X4 minutes of focused session.

1. Add animation to the editor.
2. Add sound track library.
3. Wire up the midjourney for the images.
4. Make audiopen product.
5. Aim for the 4 i.e 50X4 minutes of focused session.
7. Might generate the content for linkedimn

Monday -  4 pomodoros
1. Fix the file not getting saved in the console.

Tuesday - 4 Pomodoros
1. Improve the UI a bit - Yes
2. Start posting on various reddit channels about it, post around 6 pm. -> Missed this.
3. Improve the Functionality of building the bio data. - Yes
4. Create your resume - Yes

Wednesday - 4 pomodoros
1. Fix the issues in the UI.
2. Make a post about the tool on reddit forums.
3. Improve formatting and add the other sections fields as well.

Thursday - 3 pomodoros
1. Added the pages to the biodataformats.com
2. Fixed some of the bugs in the page.

Friday
1. Post about the product in multiple places like reddit forums.
2. Start becoming active on the reddit forums about the editors.


Monday
1. Added the audio search functionality.

Tuesday - 4 Pomodoros
1. Add more animations to the background image.
2. modify the prompt to accept those effects.
3. Fix the freesound api

Wednesday - 4 Pomodoros
1. Figure out image generation using the stability

Thursday 5 pomo
1. Get the stable diffusion model working
2. Wire up the product and launch it.

Friday - 4 Pomodoros
1. Moved to API model
2. Wrote a Post on Linkedin
3. Improved the biodataformats

Saturday - 
1. Verify the image generation is working.
2. Focus on improving the end to end flow.
3. Get Your Product Live.

Retro
1. I was able to complete the four pomidoros
2. The focused work can also be improved further
3. I'm happy with the progress of focus working
4. I'm not able to getthe thoughtful evaluation where I evaluate
5. Peter Thielor like figuring out the cutting edge which nobody is working on is something that I am missing and I need to get it right


Get the gtag working with the biodataformats.com Not very urgent as of now.
https://analytics.google.com/analytics/web/#/a283493484p404723935/admin/account/create

```js
<!-- Google tag (gtag.js) -->
<script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=G-3GLBERPT45"></script>
<script>
  window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
  function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
  gtag('js', new Date());

  gtag('config', 'G-3GLBERPT45');
</script>
```

Retro
1. Able to bounce back to 4 Pomodoros this week.
2. Made some good progress on biodataformats and blinkcuts.

Learning
1. Execute things end to end.

Thursday
1. Research about the model for generating sounds.
    a. Search the models
    b. Try Hugging Face or the other way of trying them.
    c. There are Google MusicLM, and few other models.
    d. No one provide API access.
    e. Facebook has published the model and it can be used to get the API.
    f. What's the fastest way to get an API out of the collab Notebook?
        i. Should I convert it to an python flask API?
        ii. Are there any tools available to convert Google collab to API?
        iii. Does Hugging Face provides API access to the models?
2. Check what can be done with the prompts
    a. Add a input box for story.
    b. This should give the scene output.
    c. User can directly Edit the Scenes by clicking on them.

3. Figure out a way to built nextjs app to generate content.

Learnings 
1. Execute things end to end.
2. It's easy to build anything just get started on the first step. 
