---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 30 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Spend 1 hour about the potential problem space.
2. Solve 25 Problems on Leetcode. 
3. Get back the habit of reading.
4. Read about the Add space.
5. build a new landing page and share with Tibo.
6. Make a bot to research on the people and the jobs.
7. Write a linkedin article about finding a co-founder.

Saturday
1. Deploy the code abot reading the parm and generating the video
    a. IF request not there make the render
    b. If render already there than wait
    c. Otherwise read from the db and show the video.

2. Get the basic react setup working for the Google Sheet Apps.

3. Write a method that takes the key and checks the db if the outputPath exist.
    a. IF it exist return the file
    b. otherwise it makes a request to the render.
    c. In the APP UI it says that your video is getting loaded.

Issues
1. The package The package file is samebut still one of the typescript compilation is giving type checking error
    a. The reason might bethe filewhich is showing the discrepanciesmight have a mismatch of the package    
    b. I can figure outhow are thesetype comingin and then I navigate to that file and I see if both of them are same or not
    c. If they are samethey are not same that means there is some discrepancy in thefile or package that is getting fetched.

Sunday
1. Debug the code at the lambda function to see what's the reason why its failing.
    a. Make an api call at the firebase end to check the call of lambda function.
    
2. Check the Google App Script about creating the html file and how are you going to call the methods on submit etc.
    a. Either I might put that in the index.html itself 
    b. I might create the html file using the GS code.
    c. There might be some framework but this might be tricky.
    d. I might have to put the css inside the html file instead.
    e. I need to build Editor add ons that will run using the Google recommended language.
    f. Forms does not work For the Google Workspace Add ons.
    https://developers.google.com/apps-script/add-ons/editors/forms
    g. Add on Triggers can be added
    h. I should use the way that is suggested by the Google App script
    i. Figure out how to publish the script
    j. Github Code Sample for https://github.com/googleworkspace/apps-script-samples/blob/main/forms/README.md
    k. https://developers.google.com/apps-script/add-ons/editors/forms/quickstart/forms-notifications#authorizationemail.html
    l. Publishing an extension https://developers.google.com/apps-script/add-ons/how-tos/publish-add-on-overview
    m. Script Code https://script.google.com/u/0/home/projects/1GNmrtoBPb_jaBkjBfwGq_u5Jw1LcAbqZ7I8x96Y-QB0h-OoVuxZBgYt1/edit
    n. Server Side and Client Side in Google App Scripts.