---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 21 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Aim to get 4 focus session daily but be very precise about what you are going to accomplish and be completely awake 
2. Getthe short editorup and running prepare for the product demo on product hunt launch 

Will measure
1. 4 full focused sessions.
2. Not Poking too much.
3. Start noting down the time spend on phone.

Monday - 4 Pomod
1. Fix the sound issue
2. Improve the ui improve the header add something on the footeradd some layouts and spaces
3. Create experiment with creating end to end video using the product

Tuesday - 4 Pomodoros
1. Fix the complete video not playing
2. Move the script logic to the App.
3. Add the Profile Section.
4. Add some butons to the Menu Sider.

Wednesday - 4 Pomodoros
1. 1 hour Leetcode problems
2. Added login screen.

Thursday - 5 Pomodorso
1. Start posting about the product on reddit.
2. Figure out way to use reddit ads.
3. Start working on the youtube content/
4. Start messaging people that sell `the reels bundle on youtube channels.

Friday - 5 Pomodoros.
1. Get 1 Paying customer
2. Fix the time it takes to run the product.
3. Send invites to few people.
4. Get some other people for product.
5. Fix the issue of last image getting blank.
6. The issue of voice not getting generated.

Saturday
1. Use Saransh Prompt
2. Get the rendering part woring
3. Write Linkedin Post.



What I want to achieve.
1. Tell us what are you building.
2. What have you learned, I started with building tool for people to burn subtitles in the video.
3. I realized that building faceless video is pain, so I pivoted to building videos and building a tool that does that.
4. What have you learned,  Learned to put myself out, I am shy guy and it's hard for me to put my work out, but through buildspace
learned two important things, Put your work out, Whenever you see something interesting, Ask yourself questions like Why is this intersting.
5. How do you measure success. I am measuring success by how much video I can automate using the script.
6. How you have been iterating, I started with building a subtitles editor, Than I pivoted to software that sends a personalised video by saying out the name of the person
7. What do you plan to do next, I want to focus on building a tool that can generate the AI videos just from script.
8. Did you pivot4? Yes, I pivoted from a tool to just burn subtitles to a tool that can generate AI videos.

Learnings 
1. Execute things end to end.
2. It's easy to build anything just get started on the first step. 
3. Alwayswhen learning new thing go all in and learn like a maniac 
