---
layout: post
title: Week 8 Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 8 Task Planning"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Put the Product out to as many people as possible.
    a. Launch it on Twitter.
    b. Post it on Reddit.
    c. Host on app.blinkcuts.com
    d. Make the video responsive.
    e. Fix the demo video Render Failing.
    f. Remove the Generate Subtitles option.
    g. Make a post on Twitter.
    h. Create a discord Group.
    i. Fix the issue of 1 second video.
    j. Figure out why the Title size are not equal to the one in the preview and render.
2. Add the flow for the inserting Emojis etc to the video.
    a. Create backend functions for getting the emojis based on the chatgpt transcription.
    b. Add a placeholder for those emojis on the composition.
    c. Show all the Emojis from the video on the side bar.
3. Figure out how to insert images in the lower part of the video.
    a. Figure out, the way to scale the images.
4. Go deep with Saransh on the co-founder questions.
    a. What are some of the risks that you think the relation might not work.
        1. I am not liking working with him.
    b. Set a weekly cadence non related to work as well.
    c. If in person meeting is required go for that.
    d. Learnability, How he is approaching things from first principles.
    e. Hunger, How hungry he is for success.


On a scale of 1 to 10, How satisfied are you with the Weekly plan? 8, I might be able to accomplish it with focused efforts.

Monday
1. Fix the 1 second video issue.
2. Figure out the reason for Title mismatch.
3. Understand how to host the extension on app.blinkcuts

Tuesday
1. Post about the blinkcuts on various forms.
2. Start reaching out to people.
3. Add some Title and feature of changing the white border around texts.

Wednesday
1. Made small changes to the UI.

Thursday
1. Fix the error for rendering.

Friday
1. Fixed issue in rendering
2. Moved the storage to s3 bucket

Saturday
1. The event logging is not very good, improve it.
    a. Log the final video with the render.
    b. Check if only selective events are getting published.
    c. start logging the errors as well.
2. LLD design
    a. Prep

Retro
1. The first version is live to the people. I have some people using it.
2. Didn't go deep with Saransh on the co-founder questions.   
    a. This is limited by my ability to ask the hard questions.  
3. Dropped the plan to add the images gifs.
4. Able to make weekly plans and follow through them.

Learnings
1. It's important to be consistent.
2. Figure out the most important tasks that will have the most impact and do it.
3. Everyone finds it hard to resist procrastination.
4. You just have to create a rule that on focus work there should be on procrastination.
5. Leave a good experience with your users. Don't be just boring with your emails etc. Write some emailst that are little silly and goofy with your customers. Add this to your various touchpoints like Error Handling. Basically give a lot of damns which most of the people don't give. More example are like Writing a better rejection email.
6. Good Question, What are you doing that world don't realize is a really big deal?

What was the hard thing you did this week?
1. I asked Soham the hard question, If we are a fit or not.
2. I was able to come back to the routine of the Diet and Workout.