---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 27 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Get the extension lauched on ChatGPT plugin store.
2. Create a list of possible industries and what to work on.
3. Start messaging people on


Monday  - 6 
1. Solve leetcode problems.
2. Spend 1 hour picking ideas and doing research about them.
3. Add more emails etc in the telemetry.
    a. Make some global changes if the user is logged in.
    b. The email is always tracked.
    c. There might be some way to put commont things.

Tuesday - 5 Pomo
1. Make some global changes about if the user is logged in.
2. Start logging emails
3. Research about the Blinkcuts and other space.
4. Figure out what app developers api are there and what can be done.

Wednesday - 3 Pomo
1. Setup the nextjs code, get it up and running.
2. Create a component that on click takes to the url in the nextjs
    a. It will be in a new folder in the page.
    b. Add a component that can take the quizzes and show the responses.
3. Solve 1 hour leetcode problems. Done
4. Add more research about ideas.
    a. Look for YC Request For Startups
    b. a16z startups.
    c. Figure about something that is important and upcoming.
    d. If do not feel like working on this, just list down the important themes to look for.
    e. Search For the most contrarian thinkers and list them down.
5. Add the process of adding payments to the process.
    a. Free Credit Limits on Create Video of 2.
    b. Payment page of lemon squeezy and does it provide some webhook?

Thursday 3 Pomodoros
1. Add all the payment flow.
2.  

Friday 3.5
1. Continue your research about the end 1 hour
2. Start working on the codebase.
    a. Setup the nextjs
    b. Component on click that takes to the url in the nextjs.
    c. Url should be /quiz/some-random-number.
    c. Figure out how the questions are currently stored.
    d. Fetch the questions from the database and store them locally in a state.
    e. As soon as I click on Share, the json is taken and save into a collection that says the public quiz etc and unique key is returned for the entry
    f. Opening the link with the entry id will result in fetching the things from the database.
    g. showing the result as map.
3. 


Saturday 3 hour
1. Fix the issue with the Codebase.
2. Leetcode 1 hour.

Sunday
1. Plan about creating a GPT/plugin to create video.
2. 

Insight
1. It's a good time to join a AI startup specially YC one because, most likely they are continously having issues about the.
2. Doing AI consulting might be a good idea about building cool demos and publishing them online, to get visibility into industries.
