---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 23 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Fill the YC application and ask someone to review it. 4 days remaining
2. Start messaging people on the Reddit and other people about the product.
3. Start the pipeline for genrating videos.
4. Aim to get few paid users.

Will measure
1. 4 full focused sessions.
2. Not Poking too much.
3. Start noting down the time spend on phone.

Monday - 4 Pomod
1. Fixed the video rendering part.
2. Added the support for other way of rendering

Tuesday 
1. Reach out to people on reddit
2. Post on reddit.
3. Fill YC application.

Wednesday - 4 Pomodoros
1. 2 hour leetcode
2. Work on the SEO for Orso, write more articles etc.
3. Work on the YC application.

Thursday - 5 Pomodorso
1. Start posting about the product on reddit.
2. Figure out way to use reddit ads.
3. Start working on the youtube content/
4. Start messaging people that sell `the reels bundle on youtube channels.

Friday - 5 Pomodoros.
1. Get 1 Paying customer
2. Fix the time it takes to run the product.
3. Send invites to few people.
4. Get some other people for product.
5. Fix the issue of last image getting blank.
6. The issue of voice not getting generated.

Saturday
1. Use Saransh Prompt
2. Get the rendering part woring
3. Write Linkedin Post.

Retro
1. Application is done.
2. Messaging is not going super fast.
3. Pipeline has started.
What could be improved.


What I want to achieve.
1. Tell us what are you building.
2. What have you learned, I started with building tool for people to burn subtitles in the video.
3. I realized that building faceless video is pain, so I pivoted to building videos and building a tool that does that.
4. What have you learned,  Learned to put myself out, I am shy guy and it's hard for me to put my work out, but through buildspace
learned two important things, Put your work out, Whenever you see something interesting, Ask yourself questions like Why is this intersting.
5. How do you measure success. I am measuring success by how much video I can automate using the script.
6. How you have been iterating, I started with building a subtitles editor, Than I pivoted to software that sends a personalised video by saying out the name of the person
7. What do you plan to do next, I want to focus on building a tool that can generate the AI videos just from script.
8. Did you pivot4? Yes, I pivoted from a tool to just burn subtitles to a tool that can generate AI videos.

Learnings 
1. Execute things end to end.
2. It's easy to build anything just get started on the first step. 
3. Alwayswhen learning new thing go all in and learn like a maniac 
