---
layout: post
title: Week 9 Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 9 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Find the 4-5 active paying users of the product.
2. Set some weekly cadence, where we are actively tracking the weekly goals and targets.
3. Add the icon/logo on top of the video.
4. Generate the subtitles for the Hindi audio in romans.
5. Talk to 5-6 users.
6. Create a Github about LiftMate and add details about important tests, Banned things.

On a scale of 1 to 10, How satisfied are you with the Weekly plan? 5, I don't think there is major work.

Tuesday
1. Fixed some of the bugs based on the video https://www.loom.com/share/0f1d138c1beb452887ec46c31d844ac7?sid=f0775047-6d06-4b64-b4dc-93664dcc1a1f

Wednesday
1. Figure out, how to show video in half of screen and add an image overlay.
2. Design the structure for the component.

Thursday.

Friday.

Saturday.
1. Fix the error on the APIs for fetching images.
2. Match the images with the corresponding subtitles and show them on screen.
3. Add the option to refresh it.
4. For the images that are big or larger than display, create a way to zoom them in or add an option to allow them.

Retro
1. The first version is live to the people. I have some people using it.
2. Didn't go deep with Saransh on the co-founder questions.   
    a. This is limited by my ability to ask the hard questions.  
3. Dropped the plan to add the images gifs.
4. Able to make weekly plans and follow through them.

Learnings
1. It's important to be consistent.
2. Figure out the most important tasks that will have the most impact and do it.
3. Everyone finds it hard to resist procrastination.
4. You just have to create a rule that on focus work there should be on procrastination.

What was the hard thing you did this week?
1. I asked Soham the hard question, If we are a fit or not.
2. I was able to come back to the routine of the Diet and Workout.