---
layout: post
title: Week 7 Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 7 Task Planning"
---

Weeks Goal

Launch the Translator Product and get some users to try it.
Test For Co-Founder Fit with Saransh.
Ask for meeting in person and see, if we are a fit together.
Get through the questions list.

What does the End to End Product Look Like
1. User can login to the App.
    a. There will be a login link on the homepage that once loggin will direct to the editor page.
2. User can upload the video or use the existing video to alter it.
    a. There will be an option to upload a new video or use a demo video.
    b. The video will be uploaded to firebase and the shareable url will be created.
3. UI improvements on the Editor Page.
    1. The Player should look clean.
    2. There should be no sidebar.
    3. Option to render a video using click.
    4. Clicking the button will lead to a call into the firebase functions, that will initiate the call.
    5. There will be an setInterval method that will call the firebase function to check the state of the render
    6. Once after that it will enable the video download.
4. User should be able to generate the transcript from the deepgram after uploading the video.
    a. The Video URL etc will be shared to the deepgram APIs and transcript will be created using the firebase functions.
    b. This will be a long running connection for the API.
5. Video Rendering
    a. User should change the parameters and that should be passed to the video.
    b. Clicking Render should take those parameters and pass to the API call.
    c. The composition should be modified to fetch the video from the Firebase URL.
5. Using the ChatGPT we should be able to highlight the important words.

On a scale of 1 to 10, How satisfied are you with the Weekly plan?


Mondays Task
5. Video Rendering
    a. User should change the parameters and that should be passed to the video.
    b. Clicking Render should take those parameters and pass to the API call.
    c. The composition should be modified to fetch the video from the Firebase URL.
2. User can upload the video or use the existing video to alter it.
    a. There will be an option to upload a new video or use a demo video.
    b. The video will be uploaded to firebase and the shareable url will be created.


Tuesday Task
1. Improve the UI of the product.
2. Add the ability to use the deepgram api for creating the audio.
3. Use a setInterval timer for getting the interest.


Wednesdy Task
1. Spend 4 hours for interview

Thursday
1. Improve the UI for the product.
2. Solve 4

Friday
1. 
2. 

Saturday
1. Fix the Progress Bar.
2. Add the ability to show Emoji on the Video.
3. Create the backend for it.
4. Add the functions for it.
5. Improve the UI of the app.
6. Debug the Composition to fit the screen.

Pending
1. Host on app.blinkcuts.com
2. Make the video responsive.
3. Fix the demo video Render Failing.
4. Remove the Generate Subtitles option.
5. Make a post on Twitter.
6. Create a discord Group.

Week Review
1. I was able to complete all the tasks of blinkcuts.com
2. Unable to launch it in the stipulated time.

Learnings
1. Write your 10 years plan and think, How to accomplish it in 6 months.
