---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 16 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Complete 2 focus sessions every day. 
2. SEO for the orsoapp.com
3. Add the Giphy animations to the video.
    a. Add some common animations like flowing from the right etc.
    b. Change the image size picker.
    c. Make a post on the Linkedin as well.
    d. Improve the UI of the blinkcuts

Monday.
1. Complete the SEO for Orsoapp.com The repo is orso2.0
    a. Added the image.
    b. Added Testimonials
    c. Removed extra content
2. Publish a video about the blinkcuts - Done

Tuesday
1. Fix the issue in editing from the editor.
2. Search about the option of enhancing voice.
3. Integrate Giphy.
4. Search about voice enhancer etc.

Wednesday
1. Fix the Auto cut option.

Thursday
1. Nothing

Friday
1. Add Float animations.
2. Add options like flow from left etc. 

Saturday
1. Figure out how to add the paper style.
2. Insert tenor etc to the video. 
3. Live the Liv

1. Apply for Buildspace hackathon.
2. Create a post on Linkedin about the recent additions to blinkcuts.

Retro
1. Back on Track in doing 2 pomodoro.

Learnings
1. Try a better format for posting and asking feedback. 
    a. Put a screen on whatsapp Instructing People to "You are about to see a linkedin post"
    b. Tell me what's the worst part about it.
2. Use the Whatsapp Post of mine to drive the engagement on Linkedin and Twitter.
3. Is there a possibility to create multiple apps based on SEO. Build Apps and use SEO to publish them and slowly start ranking them.
4. Like content creation, video creation etc.
