---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 24 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Start Preparing for the Product Hunt Launch - Need Video, Finalise the creators etc.
    a. Improve the UI.
    b. Fix the way the scene editors opens.
    c. Make the theme consistent.

2. Add the ability to add good music - Need to research about Track etc.
3. Finalise the channels and community part - 1hour
4. Reword and Post on Reddit.
5. Improve the Prompt.
6. Add more details about the nouns so that consistency can be maintained.

Monday Aim For 4 Pomodoros
1. Start posting about it on Reddit.
    a. Your messaging should be build an audience on Youtube, Instagram Using Blinkcuts.
    b. Identify list of important subreddits mostly like chatgpt pro.
2. Start storing the images as they are generated in the UI.
3. Fix the issue with the certain words blocking image generation.
4. Add the default zoomin effect.
5. Plan about the Product Hunt Launch
    a. Figure out the blockers etc.
    b. Work on getting the UI for the product.
    c. Ask for the assets etc that can be created.
6. Start working on the UX for the project.
    1. Open the whimsical and create the flow.

Tuesday - 4 Pomodoros
1. Add the music. Done 
2. Make post in another subreddit.
3. Fix the audio duration part.
4. Add support for subtitles editing not working.

Wednesday - 4 Pomodoros
1. Finalise the extension on the openAI
2. Work with improving prompts. Done 
3. Add support for subtitles editing not working. Pending 
4. Will work on algorithm to use the subtitles from the text. Pending

Thursday 
1. Continue working on posting on subreddits to find users.
2. Improve the prompts
3. Launch the biodataformats on ProductHunt.

Will measure
1. 4 full focused sessions. This is on track
2. Not Poking too much. On Track 
3. Start noting down the time spend on phone. Not started

Monday - 4 Pomod
1. Fixed the video rendering part.
2. Added the support for other way of rendering

Tuesday 
1. Reach out to people on reddit
2. Post on reddit.
3. Fill YC application.

Wednesday - 4 Pomodoros
1. 2 hour leetcode
2. Work on the SEO for Orso, write more articles etc.
3. Work on the YC application.

Thursday - 5 Pomodorso
1. Start posting about the product on reddit.
2. Figure out way to use reddit ads.
3. Start working on the youtube content/
4. Start messaging people that sell `the reels bundle on youtube channels.

Friday - 5 Pomodoros.
1. Get 1 Paying customer
2. Fix the time it takes to run the product.
3. Send invites to few people.
4. Get some other people for product.
5. Fix the issue of last image getting blank.
6. The issue of voice not getting generated.

Saturday
1. Use Saransh Prompt
2. Get the rendering part woring
3. Write Linkedin Post.



What I want to achieve.
1. Tell us what are you building.
2. What have you learned, I started with building tool for people to burn subtitles in the video.
3. I realized that building faceless video is pain, so I pivoted to building videos and building a tool that does that.
4. What have you learned,  Learned to put myself out, I am shy guy and it's hard for me to put my work out, but through buildspace
learned two important things, Put your work out, Whenever you see something interesting, Ask yourself questions like Why is this intersting.
5. How do you measure success. I am measuring success by how much video I can automate using the script.
6. How you have been iterating, I started with building a subtitles editor, Than I pivoted to software that sends a personalised video by saying out the name of the person
7. What do you plan to do next, I want to focus on building a tool that can generate the AI videos just from script.
8. Did you pivot4? Yes, I pivoted from a tool to just burn subtitles to a tool that can generate AI videos.

Learnings 
1. Execute things end to end.
2. It's easy to build anything just get started on the first step. 
3. Alwayswhen learning new thing go all in and learn like a maniac 
