---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 32 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Revise 20 Past LeetCode problems.
2. Complete the functionality of the app and publish it.
3. Write the Linkedin Post.
4. Get back into the habit of reading.
5. Aim For 5 Pomodoros per day.
6. Fix the voiceovers and infinite calls of the generateAudio.
    a. Move the logic of generating the audio as props to the firebase functions.
    b. Figure out how to pass the props to the Remotion Root.

Monday
1. Send the link of app to the Jonathan.
2. Go through the codebase https://github.com/googleworkspace/apps-script-samples/blob/main/forms/README.md
3. Create a form index.html that has the jquerry and render a basic form.
4. The form should have 3 options
5. Text Input, Question Count, Submit Button, question Type.
6. Figure out how to package and publish it.
    I liked it through all thedocumentationand see what kindof information is needed
    By the end of the sprint I hope to getthe script as a shareable or demoable linkthat can be installed using when a user clicks onthe app
    There are two steps one is OAuth2 consent screen review and other are the App review
    For First Flow You need the OAuth2 App review.
    For Just Pushing to Production you don't need to submit for verification
    Question How is the App Script is linked to the Project?
    I added the project id in the Google App Script.
    How do I publish it or share the script for other people to take a look and try?
    To Test the deployment there is a process called Test Deployment and I a need to set the Add on manifest for using it.
    Now Figure out How to add the add on.
    Did not find any oopen source documentation about appscript.manifest.
    so somehow the Google app script add on is behaving as webapp.
    Editor Add on manifest is not something special. 
    I need to understand the functioning of the othe manigest for forms.
    I don;t think there is a way to publish or share the forms extension
    The install button is not making the extension available
    Either the default onOpen is not getting triggered or I am missing it in the exttension manifest.
    Understanding I am not able to figure out how to make the 

Tuesday
1. 2 interviews.
2. Figure out understanding about the triggers and the auth flows.
3. Understand about the auth flow required to build the seen.
4. Try to get a sense of how much does the package can vary and how much he is willing to pay.
5. Use the techniques to build empathy.
6. The existing team is not very strong in terms of the education so that might work in my favour.
7. I might have good chance in terms of growing in terms of ladder and hierarchy.
8. Build the assets.

# 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



Wednesday
1. Gave interview of BitGo
2. Quotation to Simon
3. Research about the Whatspp competitors
4. Fix the issue with the Extension on the Google App Marketplace
5. Solve problems on leetcode for 2 hours.

Fixed, 50 - 55 lakhs
Bonus, 10% of the Fix
Stock Options: 100M 1.75 Billion Valuation, 800 units per year ~ 5 to 6 lakh worth of options, 

Quotation of Simon
Fix the Google App Marketplace.







Wednesday
1. Completed the server side for the remotion.
2. Worked on the extension


Thursday
1. Review 10 leetcode problems.
2. Publish the extension.
    a. Create the video that can be submitted.
        1. Make the changes from fiverr and try again
    b. Create the assets for the listing page.
        1. Take inspiration from the Guy and see what can be done.
3. Create a plan with Manoj about distributing of IP etc.


Friday
1. Create the assets for the extensions.
2. Add the background logic to store the keys etc
3. Add more robust control over kind of output that is returned
4. Store the result in the firestore.

The war of Art.
Egoist on linkedin people.
Inferior to us.
Deep down they feel like 
Reality is if you not do who else will.


Saturday
1. Deploy the listing on acquire.com
2. Let's see how much the people pay.
3. Fix the issue with the Oauth confirmation
4. Add the backend.
5. 



Saturday
1. Deploy the code abot reading the parm and generating the video
    a. IF request not there make the render
    b. If render already there than wait
    c. Otherwise read from the db and show the video.

2. Get the basic react setup working for the Google Sheet Apps.

    
2. Check the Google App Script about creating the html file and how are you going to call the methods on submit etc.
    a. Either I might put that in the index.html itself 
    b. I might create the html file using the GS code.
    c. There might be some framework but this might be tricky.
    d. I might have to put the css inside the html file instead.
    e. I need to build Editor add ons that will run using the Google recommended language.
    f. Forms does not work For the Google Workspace Add ons.
    https://developers.google.com/apps-script/add-ons/editors/forms
    g. Add on Triggers can be added
    h. I should use the way that is suggested by the Google App script
    i. Figure out how to publish the script
    j. Github Code Sample for https://github.com/googleworkspace/apps-script-samples/blob/main/forms/README.md
    k. https://developers.google.com/apps-script/add-ons/editors/forms/quickstart/forms-notifications#authorizationemail.html
    l. Publishing an extension https://developers.google.com/apps-script/add-ons/how-tos/publish-add-on-overview
    m. Script Code https://script.google.com/u/0/home/projects/1GNmrtoBPb_jaBkjBfwGq_u5Jw1LcAbqZ7I8x96Y-QB0h-OoVuxZBgYt1/edit
    n. Server Side and Client Side in Google App Scripts.




    I am trying to create a Google Form Add on.  
so I am expecting that once I create an Google App script by https://script.google.com/home/projects/create 
I can write the code for generating sideBar.
I have added the Script with a Satandard Google Cloud Project.

so somehow I need to map the script the the Forms.
so In the manifest I added the code.


My manifest looks like 
{
 
  "urlFetchWhitelist": [
    "https://www.example.com/myendpoint/"
  ],
  "oauthScopes": [
    "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/script.container.ui",
    "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/forms"
  ],
  "addOns": {
    "common": {
      "openLinkUrlPrefixes": [
        "https://www.example.com/"
      ],
      "universalActions": [
        {
          "label": "Help",
          "openLink": "https://www.example.com/help"
        }
      ],
      "homepageTrigger": {
        "runFunction": "onOpen",
        "enabled": true
      }
    },
    "forms": {}
  }
}


The code.gs looks like

function onOpen(e) {

   FormApp.getUi().createMenu('Test')
  .addItem('Open SideBar', 'createSideBar')
  .addToUi()
}

If I go to deployments, I see the Test Deployment and has an option to install the Add on.

 I go to the forms.new and I don't the find the "Test" present in the add on menu.

I understand this might be because  of
uncorrect mapping of trigger,

My association of the 
