---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 28 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Get the extension lauched on ChatGPT plugin store.
2. Create a list of possible industries and what to work on.
3. Start messaging people on


Monday - 5 Pomodoros
<!-- https://chat.openai.com/c/e55c27a9-5e20-4c96-b6c8-ecb992a81cb0 -->
1. Fix the edge case of first time not working
2. Show the question number etc along with the question.
3. Show if the output is correct or not.
4. Add text to make the color of selected answer green or red based on the live feedback.
5. End show the full information about  Right or wrong answer and question
6. add the option for the non mcq question
7. Plan about adding the blinkuts as a GPT.
    a. How to integrate it as a GPT. User enters the URL and if required there will a method that can be called
     to make API call or the functions call.
    b. I should be able to find answers to these questions.
    b. The final video should be present as a downloadable. I should return the url video.
    c. Use the 

Tuesday 3 Promo
1. Fix the flow for questGen

Wednesday 3 Promo
1. For Jonathon.
2. Create a landing page with the Player embedded.
3. Copy the short-editor-ts branch code
4. Delete all the un-necessary things, only keep the Player.
5. Setup firebase functions for elevenlabs.


Thursday 5 Pomo
1. Questgen 2 hours
2. Research 2 hours
3. Remotion 1 hour

Friday 4 Pomo
1. Add the url for demo and video editor.
2. Add the logic for parsing the url and generating the voice and inserting into the video.
3. Finish the work of questgen.
4. Research and list down promising areas.
5. Figure out what is required to highlight the text.

Saturday
1. Deploy the functions code for remotion.
    a. Might have to figure out the creds from the firebase.
    b. Fix the function issues.
    c. Remove the extra code from the App.tsx
    d. Create a page to add parameter to generate video.
    e. Add an export button that open the video link in a new url.
    f. Small work remaining that can be done on the final day.
2. Add remaining things params and image. Done
3. Research About companies.
4. Setup the extension codebase
    a. Figure out the script that runs on the page like medium
    b. Check the edge how are they highlighting the certain part of sentences.
    c. They are inserting the wrapper divs around the sentences and para.

Sunday
1. Decide

Monday
1. Merge the PR with the master.
2. Show a box and put the answer in Green and put the text Original Answer it should be similar to the input box.
3. Left Align options in the quiz.
4. Show the final score in the original way. 
5. Fixed the Jonathon project
6. Add the box in the extension. 
7. Create a reply.
8. Research for 1 hour.
9. Fix the SEO for orso.

Tuesday
1. Fixed the Jon
2. Fix the SEO for Orso.
    a. Figure out a way the articles are not getting published.
    b. Look for the keywords that are good and try to build the product to get traffic from them.
3. Reasearch about the ideas.
4. Write a propoasal that can be sent on Twitter.

Friday
1. Fixed the ScaleFaster.

Tibo, I will be interested to bulid the complete product and launch it.
Since, I will be the majorly doing it so

Tibo, I will be interesting to pursue and build the app,

but I will it will be little unfair as I will be building it everything from scratch
so I feel a fair deal will be 16 percent equity with and 5.7 k per month compensation.
It will add som

I am good at prototyping and scaling the product to large number of users, worked at products like MSFT Teams.
Since, I will be majorly involved in the project building it. I will it's little unfair at the comp side.
Normally I prefer equal equity split and contribution as it align the incentives for everyone.
I think should be atleast 16% equity and if the stiped should be around 5710 per month.
The project is indie the vesting should be little faster as the normally the indie projects have shorter duration.
It should be 8 months to build the product from scratch.