---
layout: post
title: Week  Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 34 Task Planning, Retros and Learnings"
---

Weeks Goal
1. Get back into the habit of reading.
2. Start writing things on linkedin.
3. Research Areas that might interest you.

Thursday
1. Add the new video.
    a. Setup the new video and insert it into the site.
2. Deploy it to firebase new project.
    a. Make it a new branch.
    b. Delete all the logins.

Friday
1. Setup the app to take screenshot and route it to the phone. Done
2. Sit with Manoj to look for ideas. Pending
3. Add the text generation and voiceovers to the video. 

Sunday
1. Modify the frontend URL to use the domain name for figuring out which sites to be called
2. Modify the getVideo to take the list of params and the video type based on the API key.
3. Create the generic user object based on the site type.
4. For the Remotion root pass the properties as props instead of hardcoding
5. Pass the properties in the functions instead of the Root.




Wednesday
1. Target 4 Pomodoro
    a. Get the Player working in the App.
    b. Get the props from the API.
    c. Pass it to the component and make it work.
2. Prepare for Application Design interview.


Friday
1. Write the schema for MCQ questions.
2. Add a dropdown for questionType.
3. Pass the parameter to the API call. --> Assume this is present
4. Validate the response as required by the old JSON schema
5. return the same JSON schema. 
6. Create the API end point in the debug and start making it work.
7. Finalise the Output json for MCQ.
8. Make the change in the prompt for the output.
9. Use gpt-3 for the question generation.

Priority
1. Figure out the SCHEMA for MCQ
2. Create the Zod schema for it.
3. Modify the prompt to return the output in the format.
4. Check if the end point is working or not.

Product Demo
1. Record a product video showing Resend.
2. Add Professional voiceovers.


What is the main message that I want the user to take from the video?
Convert you boring demos to the demos that convert.

Hi, This is a video that is created by the user.
The voice is boring it has background noises.

Here is the video that is created by the blinkcuts automatically


Convert Your Product Demo to Perfect Demo in minutes.

What's the value proposition?
Product Videos are hard
1. Convert You Screen Recording to Studio Quality Demo Video


Saturday
1. Take a demo video and convert it for the.
2. Build a tool that takes the video and automatically changes the voiceovers.
3. Create a GPT for it.
4. GET the AWS creds for it.
5. Figure out the basic MVP.
6. Launch the GPT on the store.

Quiz Task
1. Get the End Point Working 
2. Make changes to the UI add option to choose dropdown
3. Modify the function to use the retry mechanism for content creation


Sunday
1. Create a list of prospective clients that might get benefit out of clueso
2. Make a better demo about the product.
3. Make a preoder kind of list.


What is the core problem that I want to highlight for my product?

1. People struggle with the understanding the audio of demo (It's hard to understand the audio)
    a. Movie scene matching where somebody from different accent is saying something and other people are having hard time to understand.
2. Background Noises are present in the demos.
    a. Movie scene where the background noises are comign when somebody is saying something.
3. No proper zoom etc present in the demo.  

What kind of problem space or persona I want to deal with it.
1. 

Movie Scenes
1. https://youtu.be/5KxODyWAQYI?si=I7mo4b9qauTRzX2N&t=240
