---
layout: post
title: Week 4 Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Week 4 Task Planning"
---
OpenAI Plugin
1. Setup the infra for firebase.
2. Setup the firbease functions.

Namora
1. Create the extension for namora

Video Translation
1. Figure Figure out a domain and buy a landing page
2. Generatorgenerate a video and launch it in multiple places
3. understand about S C O and utilise it

RevertGPT
1. Generate the Landing Page.
2. Host it on the landing page.
3. Publish the video on youtube and reddit to let the people know about it.
4. Modify the edit/delete functionality of the extension.

LiftMate
1. Create a video and post it to various channels.
2. Add a landing page to it.

Wednesday Task
1. Fix the error and make the api call work for Namora.
2. Make some UI fixes.

Thursday Tasks
1. Fix the error that Soham is getting in the extensiojn.
2. Add a landing page to Revert and liftmate.
3. Ask Hard questions to Soham about the what he wants to do and what's possible
    a. Who is going to lead the company.
    b. Get the tension between us out.

Friday Task
1. Start Storing the templates in the db for quick reply.

Saturday Task
1. Create a new account on firebase 
2. Write an end point that takes the text and converts it to audio you can use the eventlabs end point for it.
3. Possible Challenges
    a. Audio might have break in between which might might get lost in the video.
    b. 

What to do today.
1. Let's launch and publish things that I have built


Steps
1. Read a video
2. Create transcript of the video.
3. Generate audio in the other langauges.
4. Put the video and audio in other language.

Retro
1. Namora done
2. RevertGPT published extension with changes will launch after extension is live.
3. Landing Page not done for revertGPT.
4. LiftMate not touched.

Learning
1. Read a very interesting thing from Indian Footballer, If you are not feeling well, if you are feeling sick just do it.
2. You can't do all high focus task through out the day. so have a good split of focused and non-focused task.
