---
layout: post
title: Week 1 Goals
visible: 0
summary: "Planning my week in advance"
---

Week's Focus   
Double Down on InstaLeads  
1. Fix the bug of excel sheet not downloading. Estimates 
2. Start storing the queries and the data in a DB.
3. Add the payment flow and authentication requirement to the extension.
4. Improve upon the chrome store listing.
5. Get a landing page out with the link to the extension.   
    a. Figure out the fastest way to build a landing page.  
    b. Create it and host it on the Firebase page.
6. Reach out to the people on youtube that might be interested in the extension.
7. Figure out, how to automate the query part.
8. Improve the Socials Profile.

Whatsapp CRM
1. Generate the video dataand graphics for the Chrome store.
2. Post about the extension on Reddit and other channels.

Send Message Without Saving Contact
1. Publish the bugs that were saved and identified in the last version.

LiftMate
1. Publish the changes 
2. Add the timer option to measure time.
3. Add a Finish Screen with stats and sharing ability.
4. Add the screen to show the progress that can be shared with my coach.
5. Improve the UI a bit and publish on the reddit and other places.
6. Figure out a cool name for the Fitness Page and start creating it.
7. Create a cool landing page and everytime you add people to the List. They are going to check your profile and the link

Saturday Work
1. Make the Product Hunt Listing of Whatsapp CRM.
2. Make a list of all the places the extension link can be posted.
3. Write post about it and start posting.


Retro
1. The week was done very well.
2. Planning made it easier to know what to do.
3. The initial work was not much. I have to keep adding the stuff.

What were the Learnings
1. Whenever putting your things or messaging out. Ask a question that is it cool?
2. When you see something interesting. Ask yourself the question. What makes it so interesting?  